fix image src, add release steps and more badges (#173)
bluehost/bluehost-wordpress-plugin: README.md

### Release Steps

Steps to release a new version of the plugin:

- [ ] Ping the team to coordinate the release via standup.
- [ ] Ping the team via chat to announce start of release process.
- [ ] Ensure `master` branch has desired/latest/approved PRs merged.
- [ ] Ensure `master` branch has properly bumped the version. 
  - [ ] The [plugin header version](bluehost-wordpress-plugin.php#L5).
  - [ ] The [plugin constant version](bluehost-wordpress-plugin.php#L35).
- [ ] Ensure `master` branch has passing cypress tests.
- [ ] Ensure `master` branch has passing lint tests.
- [ ] Ping team via chat and announce latest build available for testing.
- [ ] Download latest build and install on a site for a manual test.
- [ ] Confirm no issues are found in testing.
- [ ] Create a [new release](https://github.com/bluehost/bluehost-wordpress-plugin/releases/new) tagged and named for the version.
- [ ] Ensure the satis [build](https://bluehost.github.io/satis/#bluehost/bluehost-wordpress-plugin) is [triggered](https://github.com/bluehost/bluehost-wordpress-plugin/actions/workflows/satis-webhook.yml) and [completes](https://github.com/bluehost/satis/actions).

> - [ ] Ensure [cloudflare worker](https://wp-github-release-api.bluehost.workers.dev/plugins/bluehost/bluehost-wordpress-plugin) displays the release as latest/current version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Ensure [cloudflare worker](https://hiive.cloud/workers/release-api/plugins/bluehost/bluehost-wordpress-plugin/) displays the release as latest/current version.
```

- [ ] Ping team via chat to announce end of release process.

> - [ ] Watch for plugin release rollout in hiive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Watch for plugin release rollout in Hiive.
```
